Nona Gesi(mus) / Age: 19 / Zodiac: Gemini / Blood Type: B / Height: 5'3" / Weight: 145 lbs.

World: Earth-2611
	Nona's world is one of an uncomfortable cease-fire and micro-conflicts. After ten years of global war, dozens of tentatively allied Maho Shou factions have fought an invading force from another dimension to a standstill. The incursion began when several floating continents tore open the sky one day and rained gems down on most contries' military facilities and surrounding cities. With the world still reeling, creatures that were equal parts flesh and metal dropped from the skies to secure major cities. While the death toll was shocking, there were many who survived being struck and instead manifested as Maho Shou, magical warriors capable of fighting the hostiles.
	
	The conflict, at first, was one of gurellia warfare. However, the creatures were pushed back as resistance organized. With the global power structure in disarray, new nations formed around their magically-powered guardians. Inevitably, as the invaders became less and less of threat, conflicts on how to deal with them lead to combat between Maho Shou. Eventually, five power blocks rose to prominence and became the new world order. A loose alliance between them eliminated the remaining beachheads, freed the surface, and took the fight to the skies. One of the smaller continents was even destroyed.
	
	The invaders responded by using a super weapon that decimated a huge swath of the surface, most of what had been North America, in the shadow of the main continent. With both civilizations facing total annhiliation, tense peace talks began.

Magical Origin:
	As a young girl in a rural part of Germany, Nona was insulated from much of the initial conflict. It took almost a year for the conflict to reach her hometown. With time to prepare, a few Maho Shou had recruited anyone younger than sixteen with any hint of the exposure needed to transform and forcibly altered them into a magical fighting force. It only took Nona a few days to recover and it seemed like the results of her operation were a great success. She was a natural at wielding her new power. Her singing could rouse comrades, inspiring them to keep fighting. She could also harness the foreign power coursing through her to heighten her physical prowess to superhuman levels. 
	
	Early on, she single-handedly defeated a strangely powerful foe and discovered the gloves that would become the hallmark of her abilities. They were made of soft leather and a gem was embedded into the back of each. They were also a bit too big for her. She cut off the finger tips and added wrist straps to keep them in place. They made her feel stronger, but then she learned of their true power. Forced to transform in order to save a comrade, she was surprised to find that they had also changed appearance, becoming mighty gauntlets that pulsed with elemental power. Later, after her unit freed most of the area that had been North-West Germany, she discovered other artifacts had been recovered across the continent. However, unlike her, no one had decided to wield them and they were locked away.
	
	During her time at Neo Euro HQ, she could feel them calling to her. She knew in her gut they were more than just a sundry collection of strange objects. They were a set with a greater purpose, a greater strength. When she defected after the vote to open peace talks with the invaders, she broke into the vault and stole them.
	
War in Neo EU (North-West Front):	
	It's a given that war changes people, but the way it affected Nona seemed extreme. Dozens had voluneered because of her, and many didn't survive their first battle. Her friends, who had become her family, weren't industructable either. An extremely kind soul, she took each loss on their side personally. It was not an unusual sight to see her collapsed in the aftermath of the carnage cradling the still, sometimes broken, body of a fallen squadmate and crying her eyes out. Something about the sincerity of her mourning drew out the power that had transformed the lost into a living weapon. Vowing to get stronger, she would take that lingering magical energy into herself. 
	
	With each such dedication, her once sweet demeanor darkened—especially when her best friend was impaled because she stepped in to save Nona. What had been empathy became fury. Kindness became rage. While she had once resented the power that had been forced on her, she greedily accepted it now. Powered by the magic of dozen or more coursing through her, Nona's connection to the foreign energy grew deeper, more complete. The more death she inflicted, the more her heightened state's appearance altered to match as she manifested bone-like armor over her all black bodysuit. Not long after, she gained the moniker of Dark Magical Girl. 
	
	Seeming to lean into that reputation, Nona became the monster people considered her. She charged deep into the enemy ranks, diverting their attention inward as she tore foot soldiers to pieces. In fact, Nona's brutality in combat intensified until it was not uncommon for her to dismember her foes and use their sundered limbs as weapons. Time and again, she was reprimanded for showing a "callous disregard for her safety and the safety of others" when it came to battles. She didn't care. Her presence on the battlefield did exactly what she wanted, it kept others safe because she was worth an entire squad by herself. That confidence only became more certain after she dove into a mass of living machine horrors and single-handedly defeated two generals, allowing them to break through to Old Amsterdam and Neo Euro HQ.
	
War in Neo EU (South-East Front):	
	Nona was praised as a hero for being part of the war effort that freed such a large portion of Neo EU from the control of the invaders, and she tried to let herself let go of the darkness. However, when the opportunity to redeploy, she didn't hestiate. She wanted more blood, more vengance. She found it in what had been Greece and Turkey.
	
	As her unit advanced towards Africa, Nona's squad discovered several facilities where Maho Shou had been experimented on. At first, it just seemed like the invading forces were trying to figure out how their opening gambit had lead to a force capable of resisting them. That is, until they tracked down one that was still active and discovered humans working together with the invaders to create hybrids. Worse yet, the bodies they were using were corpses. Faced with the corrupted face of her best friend, cruelly reanimated, Nona lost control. 
	
	Her transformation scattered her squad, sending them tubmling to relative safety, and then she unleashed all of her emotions on the research team and not only obliterated them, but several miles of country-side around them. Still overcharged, she converted herself to energy and followed the private network to another active server. In a matter of minutes, pillars of purple fire erupted across hundreds of square miles as dozens of facilities were destroyed almost simultaneously.
	
	When she was found sometime later by her understandably shaken squadmates, her body was shrouded by steam. All that remained on her were the gloves. She was unresponsive as she held the twisted form of her twice dead friend. The only reaction they could get was when she snarled like an animal as they attempted to separate her from the metal-infused corpse. Nona was returned to HQ a few days later where she was sequestered away to deal with her grief.
	
Terror and Redemption:
	That might have been the end of things. Then Neo EU voted to make peace with the invaders. Nona's fury at this news was enough to cut through her fugue state. She viewed it as a betrayal of everything she had fought and bled for. In a destructive ramapge that left dozens injured, Nona stole other artifacts recovered by Neo EU and defected to a smaller, more militant faction that was dedicated to the complete eradication of the creatures that had half-destroyed their world. 
	
	To many, the collection of Dark Magical Girls was a terrorist organization as they continued to attack the continent floating above Neo EU. Armed with a half-dozen magical artifacts of unknown origin, Nona was even more formidable on the battlefield than ever before. Despite their stated goal, the girl allied themselves with a rebel faction of the invaders to overthrow the continental viceroy who refused to consider peace and was continuing to launch attacks at Neo EU's flanks.
	
	Working alongside the flesh-and-metal creatures was oddly healing for Nona. She learned about what had driven them here. She discovered how a vocal minority had opposed armed conflict and ended up under strict military rule instead. For the first time in years, she felt a flash of guilt knowing that many she had slain had been brainwashed and forced to fight like zealots.
	
	Pressured by the rapid advance of their hit and run tactics, the viceroy threatened to use the super weapon on Neo Euro. Undaunted, the Dark Magical Girls continued and soon arrived at his stronghold. Faced with death, he gave the order to fire. Nona put herself between the weapon and her home. The invaders fired but Nona's power was enough to stop the beam. Even so, she was being pushed back. Someting desperate was needed. Releasing the energy of her fallen friends and allies, Nona held firm and then even began to push the beam back. After nearly a minute, she found the strength to punch through the cannon, destroying it. The shock sent the continent spiraling down and it landed in the Atlantic Ocean off the coast of what had been Spain and Portugal. Surprisingly, it remained afloat.
	
	Nona's body was not recovered after the battle. It's believed that, in her exhausted state, she was unable to endure the destruction of the super weapon and perished in the blast.
